What do you understand about constellation and zodiac?
Constellation are a group of stars connected together by humans to form something or some shape. These stars that form a constellation does not necessarily be close to each other in space, they are just close together in our sky, perceived to be together. Some constellations serve as navigational guides or primitive calendars.
Zodiac are 12 constellations that can be seen in the direction of the Sun from Earth and they are not overwhelmed by the light.

Write a timeline of the Ancient Greek Scholars related to their contribution in astronomy.
624~546 BC - Thales predicts a solar eclipse.
570~495 BC - Pythagoras comes up with his famous theorem, has been credited to be the first to teach that Earth is spherical, first to divide the globe into five climatic zone, and first to identify morning star and evening star to be the same celestial object.
510~428 BC - Anaxagoras produces a correct explanation for eclipses, and explains the moon shines due to reflected light from the Sun.
427~347 BC - Plato founds his school Platonic Academy. Plato believes in the perfect and unchanging nature of the heavens. He promotes the idea that everything in the universe moves in perfect harmony and everything moves around the Earth in perfect circles.
384~322 BC - Aristotle founds his school Lyceum in Athens. He is one of the first to attempt to create a scientific model of the universe, the Geocentric Model. He places the imperfect Earth at the center and all other perfect celestial bodies moves around Earth in perfect circles.
325~265 BC - Euclid, the father of geometry, writes Phaenomena, which is the treatise on spherical astronomy.
310~230 BC - Aristarchus proposes the Heliocentric Model, in which the Sun is the center, instead of Earth. He is the first attempted to measure the relative distance of Earth-Moon and Earth-Sun without the aid of trigonometry. He measured the angle between Moon and Sun to be 87 degree instead of 89 degree 54"
276~194 BC - Eratosthenes develops a calendar with leap year. He measured the circumference of the Earth to about 44100km, about 10% error.
190~120 BC - Hipparchus is one of the first ancient philosophers to realize that ideas must be proven with empirical evidence. He estimated the distance of Earth-Moon to be around 59~67 Earth diameters, actual being 60.
85~165 AD - Ptolemy strongly supports the Geocentric Model. He fixed some problems with Aristotle model with epicycles to explain the discrepancies in the evidence for Geocentric Model. His views go on to be unchallenged for the next 1400 years.
